Fixes one potential memory leak and add fakedlclose library (#468)
AutoPas/AutoPas: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

  && ninja"
```
You will not be able to completely compile the unit tests with CUDA without a GPU in your system since CMake will try to run tests during the build process.
The tests executed within Jenkins are using these docker images.

## Jenkins/CI
A continuous integration setup (CI) is automatically run for each open pull request and for the master.
The executed tests are defined within the Jenkinsfile in the root AutoPas directory.
These tests include:
* Formatting and documentation checks 
* Builing of all targets and execution of the provided ctest tests.
* Sanitizer runs (Address+Leak sanitizer, Thread Sanitizer)

> If you encounter problems within these tests check whether you can reproduce them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter problems within these tests check whether you can reproduce them locally. Have a look at the [Jenkinsfile](https://github.com/AutoPas/AutoPas/blob/master/Jenkinsfile) for how the tools are used with AutoPas. If you do not have the respective compiler installed you can use the [AutoPas docker images](https://hub.docker.com/u/autopas).
```

> For encountering "unknown module" problems with the thread sanitizer, a library to override `dlclose()` can be found in the `libs` directory. Said library can be used to get better stack traces that are caused by dynamically loaded libraries (using `dlopen()`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To circumvent "unknown module" problems with the thread sanitizer, a library to override `dlclose()` can be found in the `libs` directory. Said library can be used to get better stack traces that are caused by dynamically loaded libraries (using `dlopen()`).
```
Or do you want to trigger these problems with the fake lib?
